these are the infants that shouldn't be
here not yet at least they are the
pre-term babies of Gaza they've
prematurely entered a world that's
taking the lives of even the strongest
around them so what chance for these so
fragile they can't live outside their
incubators in our department there are
12 newborns most of whom are premature
and of low weight they also have problem
with their respiratory Digestive and
immune systems we need electricity water
and internet to treat them
properly Ismael tends to their constant
needs knowing his capabilities can only
do so much in a hospital that's barely
surviving itself death for his tiny
patients is one Israeli bomb strike or
power failure
[Music]
away none of these newborn babies inside
or outside the Intensive Care can live
without electricity they will suffer
severe health problems and most of them
will die within minutes particularly
those who depend on
ventilators Allah's Twins were born 2
months early one didn't make
it he waits over his remaining
critically ill
baby I swear to Allah I was dreaming of
my children until their birth I was
counting the minutes to see them before
the death of my first baby I asked the
medical team here and they said he was
fine they asked me to buy diapers which
I did but suddenly the baby passed
away more than half of the strip's 35
hospitals are out of service according
to gaza's health Ministry it says
Israel's bombing has shut down water
plants and 70% of gaza's power
grid Israel's told several hospitals to
evacuate staff and patients before
they're bombed and the UN is sounding
the alarm for gaza's mothers and babies
we have assessed that there are 50,000
pregnant women in Gaza none able to
access regular M maternal health care at
this moment and 5500 newborns were born
during the course of the last month the
UN is calling for a ceasefire for a to
be let in and for the people of Gaza
from young to old to get the help they
need Rory Chalin Al jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer